Update Chat Interface examples and add more LLM libraries and API providers (#10025)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/05_chatbots/02_chat_interface_examples.md

> In this Guide, we go through several examples of how to use `gr.ChatInterface` with popular LLM libraries and API providers.

Reviewer: This guide is missing a title

Also the filename should use - dashes not _ underscores. 

<img width="432" alt="Screenshot 2024-11-27 at 4 10 57 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26554ff8-6d34-4f0c-a6d5-a23ef8c8df50">

just change the filename to 02_chatinterface-examples.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Popular LLM libraries and APIs

In this Guide, we go through several examples of how to use `gr.ChatInterface` with popular LLM libraries and API providers.
```

We will cover the following libraries and API providers:

* [Llama Index](#llama-index)
* [LangChain](#langchain)
* [OpenAI](#openai)
* [Hugging Face `transformers`](#hugging-face-transformers)
* [SambaNova](#sambanova)

> * [Hyperbolic](#hyperbolic)

Reviewer: some of these links are broken and not the correct id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [LangChain](#lang-chain)
* [OpenAI](#open-ai)
* [Hugging Face `transformers`](#hugging-face-transformers)
* [SambaNova](#samba-nova)
* [Hyperbolic](#hyperbolic)
```

For many LLM libraries and providers, there exist community-maintained integration libraries that make it even easier to spin up Gradio apps. We reference these libraries in the appropriate sections below.

## Llama Index

Let's start by using `llama-index` on top of `openai` to build a RAG chatbot on any text or PDF files that you can demo and share in less than 30 lines of code. You'll need to have an OpenAI key for this example (keep reading for the free, open-source equivalent!)

$code_llm_llamaindex

## LangChain

Here's an example using `langchain` on top of `openai` to build a general-purpose chatbot. As before, you'll need to have an OpenAI key for this example.

$code_llm_langchain

> **Note**: For quick prototyping, the community-maintained [langchain-gradio repo](https://github.com/AK391/langchain-gradio)  makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of LangChain.

Reviewer: Why not use 'Tip' for these notes to make them more prominent? unfortunately there's an open issue with tip and markdown links. will make a fix for that but for now you'll need to use <a> tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: For quick prototyping, the community-maintained <a href='https://github.com/AK391/langchain-gradio'>langchain-gradio repo</a>  makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of LangChain.
```

Author: That's exactly the reason why I didn't do Tip, but if it supports html tags, then this sounds good 👍

## OpenAI

Of course, we could also use the `openai` library directy. Here a similar example to the LangChain , but this time with streaming as well:

> **Note**: For quick prototyping, the  [openai-gradio library](https://github.com/gradio-app/openai-gradio) makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of OpenAI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: For quick prototyping, the  <a href='https://github.com/gradio-app/openai-gradio'>openai-gradio library</a> makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of OpenAI models.
```

## Hugging Face `transformers`

Of course, in many cases you want to run a chatbot locally. Here's the equivalent example using Together's RedPajama model, from Hugging Face (this requires you to have a GPU with CUDA).

$code_llm_hf_transformers

## SambaNova

The SambaNova Cloud API provides access to full-precision open-source models, such as the Llama family. Here's an example of how to build a Gradio app around the SambaNova API

$code_llm_sambanova

> **Note**: For quick prototyping, the  [sambanova-gradio library](https://github.com/gradio-app/sambanova-gradio) makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of OpenAI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: For quick prototyping, the  <a href='https://github.com/gradio-app/sambanova-gradio'>sambanova-gradio library</a> makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of OpenAI models.
```

## Hyperbolic

The Hyperbolic AI API provides access to many open-source models, such as the Llama family. Here's an example of how to build a Gradio app around the SambaNova API

$code_llm_hyperbolic

> **Note**: For quick prototyping, the  [hyperbolic-gradio library](https://github.com/HyperbolicLabs/hyperbolic-gradio) makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of OpenAI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: For quick prototyping, the  <a href='https://github.com/HyperbolicLabs/hyperbolic-gradio'>hyperbolic-gradio library</a> makes it even easier to build chatbots on top of OpenAI models.
```

# Using Popular LLM libraries and APIs

In this Guide, we go through several examples of how to use `gr.ChatInterface` with popular LLM libraries and API providers.

We will cover the following libraries and API providers:

* [Llama Index](#llama-index)
* [LangChain](#lang-chain)
* [OpenAI](#open-ai)
* [Hugging Face `transformers`](#hugging-face-transformers)
* [SambaNova](#samba-nova)
* [Hyperbolic](#hyperbolic)
* [Anthropic's Claude](#anthropics-claude)
* [Groq](#groq)
* [Llama.cpp](#llamacpp)

> 

Reviewer: just remember to remove these if you merge without adding them. also `#llamacpp` should be `#llama-cpp`
